README.md, before:

# ![Logo](icon.png) IRC Plugin

An integration with SwiftIRC through the OSRS chat box.

## Functionality

### Channel Messages

Channel messages will show up in the chat box starting with the username that sent the message.

Sending a channel message: `//words can go here`

Example: `//Hello #rshelp!`

### Private Messages

Received private messages will appear prefixed with `(pm)`.

Sending a private message: `///msg <nick> <message>`

Example: `///msg foobar Thanks for the information`

### Notices

Notices will appear prefixed with `(notice)` to indicate it was not a channel message.

Sending a notice: `///notice <nick> <message>`

Example: `///notice foobar Hey there!`

### Network Services

The following services run on SwiftIRC: NickServ, ChanServ, BotServ, and HostServ.

You may communicate via the following commands with the respective service:

```
NickServ: ///ns
ChanServ: ///cs
BotServ: ///bs
HostServ: ///hs
```

## Configuration

### username

The username used to connect to SwiftIRC.

### channel (optional)

The channel you intend to join. Leaving this blank will default to #rshelp.

### password (optional)

The password to identify with NickServ.


## Known Issues

* If the username is taken when you try to connect, the connection will fail.
* Incompatibility with the Twitch RL plugin.

Commit message:

Update the README for the delimiter

README.md, after:

# ![Logo](icon.png) IRC Plugin

An integration with SwiftIRC through the OSRS chat box.

## Functionality

It is ideal to set the delimiter to a character you can easily prefix IRC messages.

The default delimiter is `;`. This document will use the default as reference.

### Channel Messages

Channel messages will show up in the chat box starting with the username that sent the message.

Sending a channel message: `;words can go here`

Example: `;Hello #rshelp!`

### Private Messages

Received private messages will appear prefixed with `(pm)`.

Sending a private message: `;;msg <nick> <message>`

Example: `;;msg foobar Thanks for the information`

### Notices

Notices will appear prefixed with `(notice)` to indicate it was not a channel message.

Sending a notice: `;;notice <nick> <message>`

Example: `;;notice foobar Hey there!`

### Network Services

The following services run on SwiftIRC: NickServ, ChanServ, BotServ, and HostServ.

You may communicate via the following commands with the respective service:

```
NickServ: ;;ns
ChanServ: ;;cs
BotServ: ;;bs
HostServ: ;;hs
```

## Configuration

### username

The username used to connect to SwiftIRC.

### channel (optional)

The channel you intend to join. Leaving this blank will default to #rshelp.

### password (optional)

The password to identify with NickServ.


## Known Issues

* If the username is taken when you try to connect, the connection will fail.
